Microsoft Visual Studio:
	Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) 	from Microsoft. It is used to develop computer programs for Microsoft 	Windows, as well as web sites, web applications and web services. 	Visual Studio uses Microsoft software development platforms such as 	Windows API, Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows 	Store and Microsoft Silverlight. It can produce both native code and 	managed code.
Eclipse:
	computer programming, Eclipse is an integrated development environment 	(IDE). It contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system 	for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can 	be used to develop applications. By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse 	may also be used to develop applications in other programming 	languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, 	Lasso, Lua, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R, Ruby (including 	Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. 	It can also be used to develop packages for the software Mathematica. 	Development environments include the Eclipse Java development tools 	(JDT) for Java and Scala, Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for 	PHP, among others.
NetBeans:
	NetBeans is a software development platform written in Java. The 	NetBeans Platform allows applications to be developed from a set of 	modular software components called modules. Applications based on the 	NetBeans Platform, including the NetBeans integrated development 		environment (IDE), can be extended by third party developers.

JDeveloper:
	JDeveloper is a freeware IDE supplied by Oracle Corporation. It offers 	features for development in Java, XML, SQL and PL/SQL, HTML, 	JavaScript, BPEL and PHP. JDeveloper covers the full development 	lifecycle from design through coding, debugging, optimization and 		profiling to deploying.
	With JDeveloper, Oracle has aimed to simplify application development 	by focusing on providing a visual and declarative approach to 	application development in addition to building an advanced coding-	environment. Oracle JDeveloper integrates with the Oracle Application 	Development Framework (Oracle ADF) - an end-to-end Java EE-based 	framework that further simplifies application development.
IntelliJ IDEA:
	IntelliJ IDEA is a Java integrated development environment (IDE) for 	developing computer software. It is developed by JetBrains (formerly 	known as IntelliJ), and is available as an Apache 2 Licensed community 	edition, and in a proprietary commercial edition. IntelliJ IDEA is not 	based on Eclipse like MyEclipse or Oracle Enterprise Pack for Eclipse.